MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 RAG PowerPoint Generator

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE LICENSES

This software uses the following third-party libraries and frameworks:

1. Flask (BSD-3-Clause License)
   Copyright Â© 2010 by the Pallets team
   https://palletsprojects.com/p/flask/

2. python-pptx (MIT License)
   Copyright (c) 2013 Steve Canny
   https://github.com/scanny/python-pptx

3. ChromaDB (Apache License 2.0)
   Copyright (c) 2022 Chroma
   https://www.trychroma.com/

4. PyPDF2 (BSD License)
   Copyright (c) 2006-2008, Mathieu Fenniak
   https://github.com/py-pdf/pypdf

5. python-docx (MIT License)
   Copyright (c) 2013 Steve Canny
   https://github.com/python-openxml/python-docx

6. Requests (Apache License 2.0)
   Copyright 2019 Kenneth Reitz
   https://requests.readthedocs.io/

7. Werkzeug (BSD-3-Clause License)
   Copyright 2007 Pallets
   https://palletsprojects.com/p/werkzeug/

---

ADDITIONAL NOTICES

Ollama
This software integrates with Ollama (https://ollama.ai), which is subject 
to its own license terms. Ollama is a separate software package and must be 
installed independently.

Llama 3.2 Model
The default AI model used (llama3.2:3b) is provided by Meta and is subject 
to Meta's Llama 3.2 Community License Agreement. Users must comply with the 
terms and conditions set forth by Meta when using this model.

---

DISCLAIMER

This software is provided for educational and development purposes. Users are 
responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable licenses when using 
this software in conjunction with third-party services and models.

The authors and contributors of this software are not responsible for any 
misuse or any consequences arising from the use of this software.

---

For questions regarding licensing, please open an issue on the project's 
GitHub repository.
